# Directions:

Melt the butter and chopped chocolate in a medium saucepan on medium heat,stirring constantly,about 5 minutes. Or melt in a medium microwave safe bowl in 20 second increments,stirring after each,in the microwave. remove from the heat,pour into a large mixing bowl, and allow to slightly cool for 10 minutes.
Adjust the oven rack to the lower third position and preheat oven to 350F degrees. Line the bottom and sides of a 9x9 inch square baking pan with aluminium foil,leaving an overhand on all sides. Set side.
Whisk the granulated and brown sugars into the cooled chocolate/butter mixture. Add the eggs, one at a time, whisking until smooth after each addition. Whisk in the vanilla. Gently fold in the flour, cocoa powder, and salt. Once combined, fold in the chocolate chips.
Pour bqatter into the prepared baking pan and bake for 35-36 minutes or until the brownies begin to pull away the edges of the pan. A toothpick inserted in the centre should come out with only a few moist crumbs when the brownies are done. All ovens are different, so keep an eye on them after 30 minutes and use the toothpick test to see when yours are finished.
Allow the brownies to cool completely in the pan set on a wire rack. Once cooled, lift the foil out of the pan using the overhang on the sides and cut into squares. For neat squares, I use a very sharp knife knife and wipe its clean with a paper towel after each cut.
For the optional frosting:sift together the confectiors' sugar and cocoa powder to assure there are no lumps. Set aside. With a handheld or stand mixer fitted with a paddle attached, beat the butter on medium speed until creamy-about 2 minutes. Add a pinch of salt if frosting is too sweet. Frost the brownies before or after cutting into squares, whichever you prefer. the brownies will stay fresh in an airtight container at room temperature for 1 week. Unfrosted brownies freeze well, up to 2 months. That is everything.